Add NPC Test Plans (#102)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/test-plans/overworld-frontend/plans/npc-show-new-info.md

# Name: NPC show new info

> Number: U.01.4  

Reviewer: See above.

Version: V0.1, 2022-08-02, create test plan  
Author: Florian Wüst, Gilian Rehm
Tester: -

## Description

This test case verifies that a NPC shows whether he has something new to say or not.

## Precondition

> The NPC is configurated in the overworld and corresponding data exists in the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NPC is configured in the overworld, corresponding data exists in the backend, the NPC has not been talked with yet.
```

## Postcondition

The sprite signaling if he has something new to say is visible or not based on the data in the backend.

## Typical procedure

> 1. The tester starts the game.
> 2. The tester goes to the NPC.
> 3. The tester checks, if the sprite is shown or not accordingly to the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The tester starts the game
2. The tester goes to the NPC
3. The tester checks that the "I have unheard content" sprite is shown
4. The tester talks with the NPC
5. The tester checks that the NPC no longer has the "I have unheard content" sprite
```

## Alternative procedures

> 3.1 The sprite is not shown accordingly to the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.1 The sprite is still shown because the NPC still has something new to say
```
